[TW-1515] Flows - Create with AI block (#5356)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/postman-flows/reference/blocks-list.md

## Action blocks

### Create with AI

<img alt="Create AI block" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/create-with-ai-block-v10.jpg" width="295px"/>

> Transforms incoming data and generates text, images, or JSON objects using prompts and Artificial Intelligence (AI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transforms incoming data and generates text, images, or JSON objects using Artificial Intelligence (AI) prompts.
```

> **variable** - This input accepts data from other blocks and enables you to assign it to a variable. Select the **Add data blocks** icon <img alt="Add data blocks icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-pin-collection-v10.14.0.jpg#icon" width="16px"> to add more variables as data blocks. The **Create with AI** block can reference these variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**variable** - Take data from other blocks and assign it to a variable. Select the **Add data blocks** icon <img alt="Add data blocks icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-pin-collection-v10.14.0.jpg#icon" width="16px"> to add more variables as data blocks. The **Create with AI** block can reference these variables.
```

> **Mode selection dropdown list** - Select **Text**, **Image**, or **JSON** to specify the type of data you want to create. Select **Smart** to let the **Create with AI** block automatically recognize the type of data you are asking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mode selection dropdown list** - Select **Text**, **Image**, or **JSON** to specify the type of data you want to create. Select **Smart** to let the **Create with AI** block automatically recognize the type of data you need.
```

> **Text entry block** - Enter and test AI prompts here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Text entry block** - Enter and test AI prompts.
```

> **Output** - Sends data from the **Create with AI** block. The icon next to this port changes depending on which mode is selected. It shows **Aa** for Text, **?** for Image, and **()** for JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Output** - Send data from the **Create with AI** block. The icon next to this port changes depending on which mode is selected. It shows **Aa** for Text, **?** for Image, and **()** for JSON.
```
